{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh9000\viewkind0
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 OpenVanilla 0.04 Simple Loader with POJ (Holo pe\uc0\u781 h-\u333 e-j\u299 ) IM Package\

\fs24 \
Copyright (c) 2004 by Lukhnos D. Liu, "Gugod" Kang-min Liu, and Pek-tiong Tan\
\
This is Preview Version 0.04 of OpenVanilla. This version comes with a fully-functional Simple IM Loader (OVXSimpleLoader) and a Holo POJ IM module for testing.\
\
\ul Features\ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab850\ri0\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab850\li320\fi-320\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'a5  Type Roman letters and tonal mark (1-8), and you get a syllable with appropriate representation. E.g. "chan2" produces "ch\'87n", "peh8" produces "pe\uc0\u781 h", and so on.\
\'a5  Both "q" and "ou" produces "o\'e1"\
\'a5  The Version 0.04 of OpenVanilla SimpleLoader now supports user preferences. If you set the key "ASCII output" to 1, POJ IM will suppress Unicode output and produce plain-vanilla ASCII. E.g. "chan2" will just produce "chan2". This should be useful in places where Unicode is not supported.\
\pard\pardeftab850\ri0\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\ul Know Problems\ulnone \
\
\pard\pardeftab850\li320\fi-320\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'a5  Microsoft Word renders the toned characters with wrong or inappropriate typeface.\
\'a5  No validiity check for POJ syllables. For example, syllables ending in h, k, p, t can only be of either the 4th tone or the 8th tone. Currently there is no such check. In addition, it is still possible that the syllable is internally represented as "chan1" or "peh4", which is redudant (the 1st tone never requires the ending "1", the same applies to the 4th tone). An extra normailization procedure will be required.\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\ul Installation\ulnone \
\
This installler will install ths IM loader in the directory 
\f1 /Library/Components/
\f0 . The configuration file for Simple Loader will be stored at 
\f1 /Library/OpenVanilla/Development/OVXSimpleLoader.config
\f0 \

\fs36 \

\fs24 POJ IM moudle and its data file will be installed in 
\f1 /Library/OpenVanilla/Development/OVIMPOJ.dylib\

\f0 \
\ul Copyright License\ulnone \
\
OpenVanilla and its derivative modules are released under Artistic License. Please refer to Artistic License for related licensing issues.\
\
\ul Website\ulnone \
\
OpenVanilla's developement team is hosted at: http://openvanilla.org\
}