{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 Monaco;\f2\fnil\fcharset78 HiraKakuPro-W3;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8620\viewh9520\viewkind0
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 OpenVanilla Loader 0.6.1 for Mac OS X with Pre-Bundled Input Methods\

\fs24 \
Copyright \'a9 2004 by Lukhnos, Kang-ming Liu, Tian-jian Jiang, Pek-tiong Tan and Weizhong Yang\
\
\
\ul Overview\
\ulnone \
This packages installs OpenVanilla Loader 0.6.1 with pre-bundled input methods. OpenVanilla is an "input method" framework that is able to load various input method modules. This packages also comes with several Chinese input method modules that are popular among users of Traditional Chinese. Extras and additional input methods (such as modules or data files for Simplified Chinese) can be downloaded at our website 
\f1 http://openvanilla.org
\f0 \
\
\
\ul What's New in 0.6.1\
\ulnone \
To change user preferences, now you can simply go to the System Preferences and use the OpenVanilla preference panel. We also have a Traditional<->Simplified Chinese" conversion module, so that you can type Traditional Chinese and get Simplified Chinese output, or vice versa. OpenVanilla is the first IM framework that provides such feature. In addition, OpenVanilla now also does "full-width" ASCII characters that are often needed by Asian users. \
\
\
\ul Modules Included in This Package\
\ulnone \
Required and other pre-loaded modules are:\
\
	* OpenVanilla Loader (required)\
	* Chewing Input Method\
	* Phonetic\
	* Cangjei\
	* Simplex (Jianyi)\
	* Array\
	* Holo pe\uc0\u781 h-\u333 e-j\u299  (POJ)\
	* OpenVanilla Xcin Modudle\
\
With OpenVanilla Xcin, you can load any UTF-8 .cin input method table. Pre-loaded tables are:\
\
	* Dayi (dayi3.cin)\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\li740\fi-740\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	* Cangjei (cj.cin ; with Hong Kong characters/Big5-HKSCS support)\
	* EHQ-Symbols (ehq.cin ; you can now have symbols like 
\f2 \'85\'40\'85\'7d\uc0\u9845 
\f0 )\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	* Japanese Kanas (ukiyoe.cin)\
\
\
\ul How to Uninstall\
\ulnone \
In case you need to uninstall OpenVanilla, please follow these steps:\
\
1. Remove OpenVanilla Loader from your Input Method settings (in the International settings in System Preferences)\
2. Get into shell (Terminal.app will do)\
3. Use the folloing commands:\
\

\f1 	sudo rm -rf /Library/Components/OVLoader.bundle\
	sudo rm -rf /Library/OpenVanilla/0.6.1\
	sudo rm -rf /Library/PreferencePanes/OVPrefPane*\

\f0 \
4. Reboot (relogin only results in an incomplete uninstall)\
\
\
\ul Copyright & License\
\ulnone \
OpenVanilla and its moudles are released under Artistic License. Please refer to Artistic License for what you can and can't do with the binary, source code, and documentation of this project.\
\
The official site of OpenVanilla is at 
\f1 http://openvanilla.org
\f0 \
\
}