{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11899\paperh16839\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8620\viewh9520\viewkind0
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 OpenVanilla Framework 0.7.0rc4 
\fs24 (2005-05-20)
\fs36 \

\fs24 \
Copyright \'a9 2005 by Lukhnos D. Liu, Kang-ming Liu, Weizhong Yang, Tian-jian Jiang, Mengjuei Hsieh, Pek-tiong Tan and Tsung-hsiang Chang\
\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Overview\
\ulnone \
This package installs OpenVanilla Framework 0.7.0rc4 with a standard set of pre-bundled input methods and output filters. Features of this version include:\
\
\pard\tx245\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\li240\fi-240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 *	Output filters: a plug-in framework that accommodates a variety of filtering modules. This package comes with filters that do Traditional-Simplified Chinese conversion, full-width ASCII output and reverse radical lookup (for Cangjei, Array, Phonetic/Bopomofo and POJ-Holo input methods).\
\
*	A comprehensive set of customizable preferences, including candidate window/notification window settings, warning sound, module shortcut key, module load list, and many more.\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\ul Post-Installation Activation of OpenVanilla\ulnone \
\
If this is your first time installing OpenVanilla on OS X 10.3 (Panther), please go to the Input Menu tab (under International preference panel in the System Preferences application) and check OpenVanilla 0.7.0rc4 (listed as a Traditional Chinese input method due to system limitation, while in fact OpenVanilla does more than Traditional Chinese :). If you're installing OpenVanilla on OS X 10.4, the input method should be already activated after reboot. If not, please follow the steps above to enable it.\
\
As this package comes with a large number of modules, it is recommended that you open OpenVanilla Preferences (in the "pencil" menu, shown with a vanilla flower icon, when you launch any application and switch to OpenVaniilla) and deselect modules that you don't use for the instant. This shortens OpenVanilla's loading time. Please note: while shortcut key changes are applied system-wide the moment you close OpenVanilla Preferences, you may notice that this is not true for the module menu. Due to OS X's system design limitations, you will have to relaunch every currently running application in order to see the changes in the load list (usually becoming shorter) take effect.\
\
\ul Removing OpenVanilla\ulnone \
\
Please refer to this page for more information: 
\f1 http://openvanilla.org/index.cgi?RemoveOpenVanilla
\f0 \
\
\ul Notes\ulnone \
\
Note this is a rc (release candidate) package. This means although the features of the software are already there, many of them still require further polishing. There will certainly be bugs or roughness in the preset form. WE CANNOT HOLD ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY DAMAGE CAUSED BY INSTALLING OR USING THIS PACKAGE. Please take caution if you want to use this version in production environment.\
\
For features, known issues, bug reports, or how to get more modules, please visit the official page of OpenVanilla at 
\f1 http://openvanilla.org
\f0 \
\
}