{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf941
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title OpenVanilla}
{\author Lukhnos D. Liu}}\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl560\sa120\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 OpenVanilla 0.8.0 (beta 1) for Mac OS X\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\sb120\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 Copyright \'a9 2004-2007 The OpenVanilla Project\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl480\sb240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Introduction\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\sb320\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \ulnone This is the beta version of OpenVanilla 0.8.0 (Mac version). OpenVanilla is a collection of popular Chinese, Taiwanese, Japanese and symbol input methods and language tools.\
Please note that 
\b this is a beta version
\b0 . There are many rough edges ahead. We'll list some most important issues in the "Known Issues" section below.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl480\sb240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \ul Uninstalling OpenVanilla 0.8.0\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\sb320\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \ulnone This package does not come with an uninstaller. To uninstall, remove the file /Library/Components/OpenVanilla-0.8.bundle and all files under the directory /Library/OpenVanilla/0.8 . Note that you may need admin privilege to remove those files. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl480\sb240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \ul Major Changes in 0.8.0\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx380\pardeftab720\li380\fi-380\ql\qnatural
\cf0 *	Changes in look and feel, especially in the candidate window.\
\
*	Improves the performance of Chewing input method. User phrase database finally works. Also the supported character set is expanded from Big5 to Unicode.\
\
*	Wildcard support for Array input method.\
\
*	Wildcard support of Generic input methods (requires manual editing of OpenVanilla's preference file).\
\pard\tx380\pardeftab720\li380\fi-380\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
*	Changes in the default list of activated modules. This results in less clutter in the OpenVanilla menu.\
\
*	UIM-Anthy input method is supplied within this beta package. You will need to install MacUIM before using UIM-Anthy in OpenVanilla. The universal binary version is available at: http://people.freedesktop.org/~ekato/download/tmp/MacUIM-0.5.2-1.dmg\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl480\sb240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \ul Known Issues\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx380\pardeftab720\li380\fi-380\ql\qnatural
\cf0 *	Wildcard support in Generic input method requires manual editing.\
\
*	The Preferences Panel's candidate window preview is not yet updated. Also the panel still supports transparent color and "no background" options, which are no longer supported in 0.8.0.\
\
*	The user manual is not yet updated.\
\
*	The website is not yet updated.\
\
*	Localization work is not yet fully done and checked. May run into inconsistencies of wording.\
\
*	Array Reverse Lookup filter is taken out for this beta release because of data integrity problem.\
\
*	POJ input method is terribly out-of-dated as some of its syllable combination rules are no longer seen by many as valid.\
\
*	User with a slower video card may experience lags when the candidate window resizes. This window animation can be turned off, but that also requires manual intervention.\
\
*	Many utilities, including Uninstaller, .cin File Editor, On-Screen Keyboard, did not go into this package.\
\
*	The Display Server does not yet support activation/deactivation notification required by on-screen keyboard applications.\
\
*	The Loader still has tons of debug messages that are not cleaned up yet.\
\
\
\
}